c:\users\korneychuk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NLTestApp\NLTestApp\bin\Debug\NLTestApp.exe.config
c:\users\korneychuk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NLTestApp\NLTestApp\bin\Debug\NLTestApp.exe
c:\users\korneychuk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NLTestApp\NLTestApp\bin\Debug\NLTestApp.pdb
c:\users\korneychuk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NLTestApp\NLTestApp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\korneychuk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NLTestApp\NLTestApp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\korneychuk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NLTestApp\NLTestApp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\korneychuk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NLTestApp\NLTestApp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\korneychuk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NLTestApp\NLTestApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\korneychuk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NLTestApp\NLTestApp\obj\Debug\NLTestApp_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\korneychuk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NLTestApp\NLTestApp\obj\Debug\NLTestApp_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\korneychuk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NLTestApp\NLTestApp\obj\Debug\NLTestApp.g.resources
c:\users\korneychuk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NLTestApp\NLTestApp\obj\Debug\NLTestApp.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\korneychuk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NLTestApp\NLTestApp\obj\Debug\NLTestApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\korneychuk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NLTestApp\NLTestApp\obj\Debug\NLTestApp.exe
c:\users\korneychuk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NLTestApp\NLTestApp\obj\Debug\NLTestApp.pdb
c:\users\korneychuk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NLTestApp\NLTestApp\obj\Debug\Views\MainView.g.cs
c:\users\korneychuk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NLTestApp\NLTestApp\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\korneychuk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NLTestApp\NLTestApp\obj\Debug\DataTemplates\Dictionary.baml
c:\users\korneychuk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NLTestApp\NLTestApp\obj\Debug\Views\MainView.baml
c:\users\korneychuk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NLTestApp\NLTestApp\obj\Debug\NLTestApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Dsacr\Documents\GitHub\NLTest\NLTestApp\bin\Debug\NLTestApp.exe.config
C:\Users\Dsacr\Documents\GitHub\NLTest\NLTestApp\bin\Debug\NLTestApp.exe
C:\Users\Dsacr\Documents\GitHub\NLTest\NLTestApp\bin\Debug\NLTestApp.pdb
C:\Users\Dsacr\Documents\GitHub\NLTest\NLTestApp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Dsacr\Documents\GitHub\NLTest\NLTestApp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Dsacr\Documents\GitHub\NLTest\NLTestApp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Dsacr\Documents\GitHub\NLTest\NLTestApp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Dsacr\Documents\GitHub\NLTest\NLTestApp\obj\Debug\Views\MainView.g.cs
C:\Users\Dsacr\Documents\GitHub\NLTest\NLTestApp\obj\Debug\Views\SettingsView.g.cs
C:\Users\Dsacr\Documents\GitHub\NLTest\NLTestApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Dsacr\Documents\GitHub\NLTest\NLTestApp\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Dsacr\Documents\GitHub\NLTest\NLTestApp\obj\Debug\NLTestApp_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Dsacr\Documents\GitHub\NLTest\NLTestApp\obj\Debug\NLTestApp_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Dsacr\Documents\GitHub\NLTest\NLTestApp\obj\Debug\Views\MainView.baml
C:\Users\Dsacr\Documents\GitHub\NLTest\NLTestApp\obj\Debug\Views\SettingsView.baml
C:\Users\Dsacr\Documents\GitHub\NLTest\NLTestApp\obj\Debug\NLTestApp.g.resources
C:\Users\Dsacr\Documents\GitHub\NLTest\NLTestApp\obj\Debug\NLTestApp.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Dsacr\Documents\GitHub\NLTest\NLTestApp\obj\Debug\NLTestApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Dsacr\Documents\GitHub\NLTest\NLTestApp\obj\Debug\NLTestApp.exe
C:\Users\Dsacr\Documents\GitHub\NLTest\NLTestApp\obj\Debug\NLTestApp.pdb
C:\Users\Dsacr\Documents\GitHub\NLTest\NLTestApp\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Dsacr\Documents\GitHub\NLTest\NLTestApp\obj\Debug\NLTestApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
